Preamble

This Master Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains the collection, use, and disclosure of “personal information” by RavelTree and its administrators. Unless otherwise noted on a particular site or service, this Privacy Policy applies to your use of all websites and applications through which RavelTree operates, including http://raveltree.com and https://raveltree.com and their subdomains, as well as the products, information, and services provided through the Websites ("the websites") and the Applications ("the apps"). This Privacy Policy does not apply to any of the websites operated by affiliates of RavelTree.

In addition, supplemental Privacy Policy terms (“Supplemental Privacy Policy Terms”) may apply to a particular Service. All such Supplemental Privacy Policy Terms will be accessible for you to read either within, or through your use of, that particular Service.

This Privacy Policy also explains our commitment to you with respect to our use and disclosure of non personal browsing and site usage data that RavelTree collects as the provider of the Services. That commitment is contained in a “Data Usage Policy,” below.
As used in this policy, “personal information” means information that would allow a party to identify you such as, for example, your name, address or location, telephone number, or email address.

By accessing or using any of the Services, you are accepting and agreeing to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

Our Principles

RavelTree is committed to handling responsibly the information and data we collect about you through our Services, whether personal information or non personal browsing and site usage data. We have designed our Privacy Policy and our Data Usage Policy consistent with the following principles (the “Principles”):

-Privacy policies and data collection and use policies should be human readable, comprehensive, and easy to locate;
-Only the minimum amount of information reasonably necessary to provide you with services should be collected and maintained, and only for so long as reasonably needed or required;
-Information you provide through our Services, or that we gather as a result of your use of our Services, should not be used for marketing or advertising purposes, nor should it be provided voluntarily (without your permission) to anyone else unless required; and
-If RavelTree is required to provide a third party with your personal information (whether by subpoena or otherwise), then provided we have collected and retained an email address for you, RavelTree will use reasonable means to notify you promptly of that event, unless prohibited by law or RavelTree is otherwise advised not to notify you on the advice of legal counsel.

Personal Information RavelTree Collects

We may collect personal information through our Services, including without limitation:

-when you provide us with your personal information such as by sending an email to us or signing up to receive updates from RavelTree;
-when you subscribe to one of our email newsletters or discussion lists;
-when you donate money to us or purchase services or merchandise;
-when you provide personal information in connection with your participation in any of the forums we make available through our Services.

What RavelTree Does with Personal Information

Emails and Newsletters. We use the personal information you provide to us when you send us emails or sign up to receive updates from RavelTree in order to respond to your request – for example, to reply to your email or to send you communications about RavelTree news and campaigns.

When you subscribe to updates from us, your email address is sent to and stored by The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a MailChimp (“MailChimp”), a State of Georgia limited liability company. Any personal information you provide in this context is treated according to MailChilmp’s privacy policy and terms of use. As of the most recent revision of this document, MailChimp’s terms of use, privacy policy, and other legal references are located at <a href="https://mailchimp.com/legal/" target="_blank">https://mailchimp.com/legal/</a>

Events: If you sign up for an event hosted or run by RavelTree, we may share your personal information with vendors and third party contractors solely for the purpose of organizing and running the event.

Donations. When you donate money to us or purchase services or merchandise, your personal information will be handled depending on which option you choose.

-If you purchase services or merchandise from RavelTree, your personal information will be used for the purpose of sending you the services or items you purchased. If you sign up to receive updates from RavelTree when you check out from a storefront, we will use your personal information to send you communications about RavelTree news and campaigns.
-You may donate or pay money to RavelTree directly or through a variety of on-line payment sites. When you use any of those websites and services to donate or pay money to RavelTree, your personal information is sent to, handled by, and stored by those websites in accordance with their respective privacy policies and terms of use. You should read and understand the privacy policy and terms of use of any website you use to pay or donate to RavelTree. When you pay or donate money to RavelTree directly, we use your personal information to process your payment or donation. If you sign up to receive updates from RavelTree when you provide your payment or donation, we will use your personal information to send you communications about RavelTree news and campaigns.

Participating in Our Community

Registered Users. When you register to obtain a user account on any of the Services (any such person, a “Registered User”), you may be asked to provide personal information to create your account and establish a password and profile. We encourage you to use an alias or nickname if you are not comfortable providing your legal name. The name or nickname you provide in connection with your account may be used to attribute you in connection with any content you submit to any Service. We also use that personal information to establish and maintain your account, to provide you with the features we provide Registered Users, and to email you regarding changes to this policy or other applicable policies. If you sign up to receive updates from RavelTree when you create your account, we will use your personal information to send you communications about RavelTree news and campaigns.

Any other personal information that we may collect which is not described specifically in this Privacy Policy will only be collected and used in accordance with the Principles.

Disclosures of Personal Information

In general, it is not RavelTree’s practice to disclose personal information to third parties. Other than providing you with attribution using a registered nickname in connection with any accounts you may have registered with RavelTree, we may share your personal information in two instances:

First, RavelTree may share personal information with our contractors and service providers in order to maintain, enhance, or add to the functionality of the Services, or to organize and run an event you signed up to attend in person or participate in virtually.

Second, we may disclose your personal information to third parties in a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) take action regarding suspected illegal activities; (b) enforce or apply our Master Terms of Use and Privacy Policy; (c) comply with legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order; or (d) protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our users, affiliates, or the public.

If RavelTree is required to provide a third party with your personal information (whether by subpoena or otherwise), then provided we have collected and retained an email address for you, RavelTree will use reasonable means to notify you promptly of that event, unless prohibited by law or RavelTree is otherwise advised not to notify you on the advice of legal counsel.

Security of Personal Information Collected via the Services

RavelTree has implemented reasonable measures to protect against unauthorized access to and unlawful interception or processing of personal information that RavelTree stores and controls. However, no website can fully eliminate security risks. Third parties may circumvent our security measures to unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We will post a reasonably prominent notice to the Websites if any such security breach occurs.

Data Usage Policy: Non Personal Browsing and Site Usage Information

Our Data Usage Policy covers how we maintain and use information about you that is collected by our Services.

Non Personal Browsing Information We Collect

When you use the Services, our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) may collect information indirectly and automatically (through, for example, the use of your “IP address”) about your activities while visiting the Websites or the Apps and information about the browser you are using. In addition, whenever you use any account you may have registered with RavelTree to log into a website or application, our servers (which, again, may be hosted by a third party service provider) may keep a log of the websites and/or application pages you visit and when you visit them.

No Linking

We do not intentionally link browsing information or information from any RavelTree user account-related server logs to the personal information you submit to us. We use this information for internal purposes only, such as to help understand how the Services are being used, to improve our Services, and for systems administration purposes. RavelTree may use a third party analytics provider to help us collect and analyze non personal browsing information through operation of our Services for those same purposes.

No Selling or Sharing

Except in the unique situations identified in this Privacy Policy, RavelTree does not sell or otherwise voluntarily provide the non personal browsing information we collect about you or your website usage to third parties.

No Access

RavelTree will never use your user account information to log in to a service on your behalf without your consent unless otherwise required by law.

No Retention

RavelTree discards non personal browsing information from any user account-related server logs once we have used the information for the limited purposes noted above, under “No Linking.”

Notice

If RavelTree is required to provide a third party with your non personal browsing information or to log in to a service on behalf of a user (whether by subpoena or otherwise), then RavelTree will use reasonable means to notify you promptly of that event, unless RavelTree is prohibited by law from doing so or is otherwise advised not to notify you on the advice of legal counsel.

Any other non-personal information that we collect which is not described specifically in this Privacy Policy will only be collected and used in accordance with the Principles.

Reorganization or Spin-Offs

RavelTree may transfer some or all of your personal and/or non personal browsing information to a third party as a result of a reorganization, spin-off, or similar transaction. Upon such transfer, the acquirer’s privacy policy will apply. In such event, RavelTree will use reasonable efforts to notify you and to ensure that at the time of the transaction the acquirer’s privacy policy complies with the Principles.

Children

The Services are not directed at children under the age of 13. Consistent with the federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personal information from anyone under the age of 13 without requiring parental consent. Our Master Terms of Use specifically prohibit anyone using our Services from submitting any personally identifiable information about persons under 13 years of age. Any person who provides their personal information to RavelTree through the Services represents that they are 13 years of age or older.

Third-Party Sites, Applications, and Platforms

The Services may include links to other websites, applications, or platforms. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party sites, applications, or platforms. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other entities.

Special Note to International Users

The Services are hosted primarily in the United States. However, please note that your personal data may be located on servers in any country. By providing your personal data you consent to the use of your personal data for the uses identified above in accordance with the Privacy Policy.

Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy

We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When we do, we will also revise the listed Effective Date. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are protecting the personal information we collect. Your continued use of the Services constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates.

Questions?

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at contact@raveltree.com.

Effective Date: April 13, 2018
